---
title: 'Peter Griffin from Family Guy in Fortnite Chapter 5 "Underground"'
description: 'Peter Griffin from Family Guy and other iconic characters could appear in Fortnite Chapter 5: Season 1 "Underground"'
pubDate: "Dec 01 2023"
heroImage: "/Peter-Griffin-from-Family-Guy-in-Fortnite-Chapter-5.webp"
---

Fortnite Chapter 5: Season 1 "Underground" Unleash the Madness with Iconic Characters

In a surprising revelation that left the Fortnite community speechless, information has been leaked about the upcoming Chapter 5 Season 1, titled "Underground." Epic Games and Xbox accidentally revealed a diverse cast of characters that will make their appearance on the famous virtual battlefield, and among them two recognizable names stand out: Solid Snake from Metal Gear Solid and Peter Griffin from Family Guy.

The news became public when the unofficial Fortnite news Twitter account, X/Twitter ShiinaBR, discovered an early announcement in the Xbox store, revealing the characters expected in this new season. Solid Snake, the iconic protagonist of the Metal Gear Solid series, is ready to join the fray, showing off his classic stealth suit in a tribute to the original game. The leak also suggests the possibility of variant skins, such as Big Boss or a larger version of Solid Snake.

In an equally surprising twist, Peter Griffin, the animated character from Family Guy, known for his 2D art style, is expected to participate. Rumors about Peter Griffin's inclusion in Fortnite have circulated for years, and the leaked image shows him ditching his everyday attire for a dapper tuxedo. Without a doubt, Solid Snake and Peter Griffin steal the spotlight with their recognizability and their unexpected crossover into the Fortnite universe.

Chapter 5 Season 1 faces heightened expectations, especially after the success of its predecessor, the OG Update, which attracted a staggering 44.7 million players in a single day, marking what Epic Games described as "the biggest day in history." of [Fortnite](https://ifortnite.com)".

The "Underground" season promises to bring back some familiar faces from other games and cartoons. According to leaker reports, some of the battle pass skins will include Peter Griffin from Family Guy, Solid Snake from Metal Gear, Survey Tiger Guy, The Underground Jonesy and others related to survival.

Despite the excitement generated by the arrival of these iconic characters, the next season is not without controversy. Epic Games has made bold decisions, such as introducing and subsequently disabling age-restricted cosmetics. This move has drawn criticism from players, who call it one of the "worst updates" in Fortnite history.

The well-known Fortnite dataminer, iFireMonkey, has confirmed the arrival of the skins of Peter Griffin from Family Guy and Solid Snake, the legendary Metal Gear Solid hero, to the battle pass. Despite the criticism and controversies, the community is eager to see how these new characters will perform on the Fortnite battlefield and if Chapter 5 Season 1 will manage to achieve the phenomenal success of its predecessor, the OG Update.

The "Underground" season is shaping up to be a unique experience, merging worlds and challenging the expectations of Fortnite players. Only time will tell how Solid Snake and Peter Griffin will impact this vibrant virtual universe.
